Update CapacitorARViewController.swift (#876)
capawesome-team/capacitor-plugins: .changeset/salty-pandas-happen.md

---
'@capawesome/capacitor-pixlive': minor
---

> While annotations are being presented, hide the status bar because it may interfere with images and gesture zones on the screen.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
---
'@capawesome/capacitor-pixlive': patch
---

feat: hide the status bar while annotations are being presented
```
